Ab welcome to i re you are my friend
bz you bv the han pole is really limitless bv you know the
having pole is not a dang something with it so aa
goal with the show and company is to introduce you
to the people and ideas the  Will Help You
Actually Exec on Your Dreams Right Day's
Guest is an Empen and Philip I Came to This
Country with 5 Bucks in His Pocket and It's a
Billion Arm with Energy Enzyme and
Some Optimum He Has Proved the If We Make
a Bin  What do you need to do to solve a 10
problem and then a whole you have to become an
expert and you just have to be willing to
learn and work to work your ass off
and this is an obsessive focus on solving big
Promises have made me not only wealthy but one
of the most important things in my career
is a member of the Board of Trustees because
I've had a very good relationship with getting not only
this but also a final team.  He is the first ever
successful company including
infant's pump of the world
and he has received the Albert
Aston Technology Medal for his pioneering
achievements in technology and NTP of the
world.  Come in the form Sulfurs enum vals de
pure products ran jax ra of so please
help me in welcoming the man bv a olly limi
is our ination and i planning to launch a lunar
mi after a year
The Shows Plays Good Have Ya Buck
And Sus Our Last Meet Gn But Butter Ja Ban
Amazing And I Was Right It I'm Very Pt Now This
And I Know The You Are As We Got Me A
Little Gave Over Prints And How You See The  There's such a
tiny sting to feeling when they come or they
paint bomb me society than me and then
having that thing and say they want to rebel against
it so they convert into me
We We and They Believe the Way They Can Change the
World Is Some How to Become a Liberal Society Were
No Anchor We Care About Our Sales But We
Care About Everyone Else What They Don't Realize to Be
Mutually Exclusive as a
Matter of Fact Even If  You're the Richest
Man in the World You Can Only Do Small Good
Before You Run on the Money The Only Way You Can Do
a Large Good Is to Actually Create a
Profitable Venture If You Care Enough to Solve
the Problem Then Build a Business That
Actually  Solve the problem and if you make it
profitable enough you can go out and
expand that and take it to billions of
people around the world and else you'll always be
stuck for 100000 people and 100000 people
and a million people or it's interesting the
notion of scale
Now daf
ily fang pri sum i a b a b
a d y se ai agri
men
ad m b a b sm g and part of it is a
fault of the society because you know what
made this country so great was it welcome the
best and the brightest from  Around the
world and we welcome them with open arms
and gave them so much opportunity in this
country that we call this a land of
opportunity and when these people's
success
and today is complete reverse we don't want
the immigrant in our country we take away
every opportunity  They Could Possibly Have And When They
Succeed We Call Them One Percent They Don't
Belong To Our Society And Then We
Guilt Them We Guilt Them In Too Thinking They Must Have Done Something Because They
Succeed How You Can Possibly Impact The
Lives Of Billions Of People  So the Way You Need
to Think About Is If You Really Care About Something Before You
Go the Day You Start a
Company Ask Yourself the First Question You'd Ask If I
'm Actually Successful
in Doing What I'm Doing How Is It Going
to Impact  A Billion People And If It's Not Why You Would Do That
So If You Start A
Company There Are Very Few Things You Have To Do
Ask Yourself What Are You Willing To
Die For And Then Live For It And If You Can
Do That You'll Find  Your Calling You Will
Find The Thing That You Actually Care About
And When You Care About Something Deep Enough
You Will Go Out And Solve The Problem And If You
Can Make It Profitable Venture Then You
Will Actually Make A Serious Impact In The
Word Now  Let's Make It Really Worth It
B
Daily C What She Acted What Was The Set Up
Why So You In These Days World The Faith Is
Considered Where You Give The Money To Someone And If You Do
n't Give The Money You're A Bad Person Some
How You Don't Care Enough  And to me we should never be
about giving money we really have
grown it and now we need to  Expand
It And We Have This Capital Need And We Want
You To Donate To It And I Say Instead Of Asking
For Donation When You Start Thinking About
Like A Business And I'm A Venture
Capital And If You Came To Me Saying That Give
Me This Money  That's got go out and do
something with it there's only two choices you're
giving me otherwise you're going to fail in doing
what your doing in that case the money is
wasted and if you do success
how is that going to be a sustainable
business model  And She Say What You Really Mean
I Say Ask Yourself a Question Just Like Any
Other Business What is the Product and Who
is Your Customer She Looked at Me All She Wants
Me to Do Is Right a
Check Not Be Interviewed And She Said It's
Really Simple All  I'm Selling is the
Homeless Shelter
Customers
They are your users and they say how they say how others would think about
it and I say
what if just like if
the social networking is not their product the
people who use social networking is the
product you and I are the product and  The
customer is the advertiser in the same way in a
shelter the woman are the product and local
businesses are your customers and the more
product you have the more you can cater to the
local businesses so why don't you go to local
businesses and say  Have This Amazing
Product The Women Who Are So Driven That They Would
Go Out And Do The Things You Want Them To
Do You Will Have A Loyal Employee You Will Teach Them The
Skills And You Will Have These
People Working You Will Be Doing Good For The
Society And You Will Have A Loyal Employee
And If You Do That The More People You Have In
Your Shelter The Higher Revenue You're Going To
Have And You Will Be Continue To Expand
That And Just That Process She
Implemented And Suddenly Now They Are Growing
Every  Where Right She Acted It She
Acted It And I Didn't Think That Was The
Punchline Or Or So My Point Is This Is How
Entrepreneurs Really Need To Be Thinking
About And I Can Give You Several Examples
Of That The Problem That Is  Obvious to you this may not
necessarily be the solution that
exists in that the problem for example is
everybody
the water because thinking the fresh water is
really the scarce resource
unless what is the fresh water is being
used and suddenly you realize the majority of
the fresh water  Is Used in the Agriculture All you
have to do is solve the agriculture
problem and then you use the aeropores and
other mechanisms and even lightly salted water that could
solve the agriculture problem suddenly you have
abundance of fresh water and then you
feel really good about  Yourself
Ants Is Used for Cattles and All You Have to Do
Is Some How to Find a Way to Create Beef
Without Growing Cattles Right And So If Now
Suddenly You Can Have a Bio Factory You Can
Take Stem Cells from a Cow and Just
Simply Create Muscle Tissue  That People Can
Now Eat Suddenly a Fresh Water Problem The Solution
Lies in the Synthetic Biology in
Creating the Meat That's
Really Smart Which Doesn't Solve the
Symptoms Solve the Actual Problem Before We
Get to the Point  You Systemize
Breaking Even the Pro by the
Symptoms B
A Say Doing Good and
Doing Well Comes Together So If Every Single
Problem Can Really Boil Down to a Failure
of the Right Business Model There's No Reason Why
People Should Be Building Great Businesses by
Solving the Great Problem What Are the
Biggest Problems
Education Health Care  Scar City of Food Not
Having Abyss of Agriculture and Many of These
Problems Are Nothing But a Great
Entrepreneur Them is Going to Create
Hundreds of Billions or Dollars of Companies
and Someone is Going to Solve a Health Care
Problem Someone is Going to Solve a
Problem Around  Education And I Can Tell
You That Entrepreneurs Today Are Going to Become
the Super Powers of Tomorrow I Believe
the Entrepreneurs Are Going to Be So
Powerful as to Make the Nation States Complete
Eleventh and Four Reasons Why That Is Already
Starting to Happen Ra Now You Have  To Tell
Us What The Three and Four Reasons Are Or So If You
Think About The Number One Reason Is
Entrepreneurship
Of Nation States What We Do National
Security Health Care
Education And All Of These Problems Are Now Being
Solved By Great Entrepreneurs
So Weather You Look At  The Space Elon Musk and
Jeff Bee and Richard Brandon and Even Our Moon
Express That's Completely Changing the Way People
Look at Space Health Care Is Completely
Being Readnovelful
Be Just a Choice Not a Matter of Bad Luck It
Could Be Just a Matter of Choice and We  We're
going to make that happen
People
Protesting Against Immigration
Ban Sent The Drivers To The Airport Guess
What Happened That Day 200000 People Deleted
And Travis Quit The Advisory Board Of
Trump Hum And That Tells You How We Can Be
Held Accountable The Third Thing Is The
Resources No Longer Can  B Geography Needs to Be
Geographically Located The Nation States
Tends to Be Very Geographically Bound Today as
an Entrepreneur I Find a Great
Resource in India China Europe I Work
with Them It Dozen Matter Location is No Anchor The
Boundaries that We Need to Be Limit By and
The Last Thing Is Really The Capital Resources
The Capital Is Not Patriotic Capital Goes Where
The Opportunity Are So When We
CreatedDrawNavigator
The End Or This Year To The Moon Should Be The Fourth
Superpower A Center To Do That Right So We
Are The First Company And The  Only Company That
Has The Permission To Leave The Earth Orbit And
Land On Any Satellite Body So You May Really Be
Thinking You Know Elon Musk And All Those People
Going To Space They Are Stuck In The Low Earth
Orbit I Want Them To Challenge Them Themselves  To Say Why Do We Have to Be
Stuck on a
Single Spacecraft Called Planet Earth We're
All Destined to Be a Dancer Because Sooner or
Later We're Gonna Get Hit by a Stud and You Don't Want Us to
Be a Dancer Right So We
Really Have to  Create a Multi Planetary
Society So You Are Tired About This Goal of
Saving Honey from Extinction Not Bad You're
Thinking Big Eyed Say It's Right So If I Buy
That and I'm Really Just
Beginning My Eighteen Journey and I Get I Want to
Look at a Big Eye  that's the wet bulb if my
freak a i what doesn't help t a need take
the self sustaining vehicle by how
i make it i don't get stop at the system
and i actually go all the way down to the  The
Problem What's Your Strategic Approach Making
Only You Get to the Baseline Issue So
Understanding the Root Cause of the Problem
Right in Health Care What Happens is You Know
System really starts with a really good
goal on one of the problems we face in our
society.  Is That Any Time The System
Starts I Always Have A Noble Purpose And It Really
Does Well For The Time It Was Invented
For And Over Time Either The Cause Becomes Ir Relevant
At Or The System Becomes Ir Relevant At To The Cause
So If You Think About  What Happened in the
Education System There is Nothing Broken About
It It was designed for the time when
people needed skills and the education system was
designed to teach you skills that you could
use for the rest of your life and life was
good now we have  Essential Technologies
That Means Every Skill You Learn Becomes
Obsolete Every Five to 10 Years and You
Get the Chronic Unemployed Right That Means Now We Have
to Read The Education System as
Apposed to Teaching You Skills Which You Can
Learn on
Google2 Inter Discipline Approach to
Solving  A Problem and the Problem
Solving Is the Thing What You Need to Teach Them
Not When the Abraham Lincoln Was Born Right
But Let's Go to the Second Part of the Thing
Like Similarly in the Health Care System It
Was Designed for a Time When People Were Dying
from Infectious Diseases  So the System Was
Designed You Were Sick You Go to the Hospital They
Give You Medicine You Come Back and Life Was
Good What We Have Today The Chronic
Diseases That Means You're Always Sick The System Was
Designed for You to Be Always Sick And
Here's the  The Irony of the Situation The Cure for
Infectious Diseases The Antibiotics Is the
One That Actually Causes All the Chronic Diseases
Our Belief Was That Some How the Human Being
Needs to Be Sterile All We Have to Do Is
Get Rid of All the Viruses and Bacteria
From  Our System And Will Be A Perfect
Healthy Human Being What They Did
RealLife Humans Are Primer An Ecosystem
More Microbe Than Human And Here's
What Surprises Me That You Will Like Less Than 1
% Of Our Genes Actually Come From Our
DNA What Less Than 1  99 Per Off The Genes
Express In Our Body Come From The Micro
Organic Live Inside Our Gut What I Knew The
Number Was High I Had No Idea That I Was That
Yes And Really What We Have To Do Now To
Stay Healthy Is To Understand We Are
Ecosystem And If Our Gut Is Healthy
Actually All Ten Chronic Diseases Disappearing
About Chronic Diseases Don't Happen Overnight They
Happen Over Time And They Happen Because We Have
Constant Inflammation In Our Body And It Happens Because We Are
Not Feeding The Right
Nutrients To Our Cells So What  I
Realize What People Think Is a
Healthy Diet May Not Be Healthy for You It May Be
Healthy for Someone Else When You Look at Our
DNA
5 But Is The Same So How Can
The Same Diet Be Good For You And Me So
Any One Who Is Selling You Go On This Atkins
Diet And Paleo Diet And Keto Janik That And
That Diet And This Diet It May Work For Someone
Not For Everyone  And Even If It Works For
You Today It May Not Work For You Three Months
From Now And That Based On What's
Happening To My Microbiome Exactly So All You
Have To Do Is Keep Your Guest Happy
And They Will Keep You Healthy Because They
Produce All The Nutrients  Our Body
Needs So I'm Just So Super Psych Tom That I Know
Coming From The Point Of Saying You Know We
Go We Become Our Legacy Would Have Been
Going To The Moon And When I Started Looking
At What I'm About To Do With Health
Care is going to change the lives of billions of people
Imagine if we can create a world where
no one ever has to be sick and if we
can do that together simply using the
artificial intelligence and the technology
that is available now to be able to analyze
everything  That's happening inside our body and
personalized just simple diet and nutrition
no pharmaceuticals will ever be needed and if we can
create that world you and I both have a
history of doing something big
so I need to give you the background
so of  Kamara I Told This Guy You're Full of
[ __ ] They Know So He We Know A Lot of Way and
the First Time He Pitched Me We're Gonna Know About
the
Like And This Is and This Got Interesting for
Me  And come really learn something
You Know A Lot
About If You Are An Expert You Are Only
Able To Make An Incremental Improvement To
The Things That Already Being Done So A Love
Tends To This I May Say You Limited Your Own
Way Of Thinking Because You Take Many Of The
Things  As Granted That Means The Foundation
Things That You Have You Take Them As Granted You Don't Even
Question Them That's How It's Done When You Come
From Outside The
Industry You're Able To Question Every
Single Thing That People Have Taken It For
Granted So  If you think about this is my
seventh company and I have never started I know
two companies have ever been in the same
industry right when I started space I had
no idea how big I am going to
go to the moon my first question when someone was
I have no idea it keeps
moving every time I target it moves then and I understood there
is orbital
dynamics around it right that became really
easy so I was known as the space junkie because I
started to learn about space and
then when I saw this technology  At the Los
Alamos National Lab That They Are Able to
Analyze the Body Every Single Thing That's Going
Inside It Was
Fascinating Read I Never Like to Read One Book
Because You're More and Less That Person's
Belief System Becomes Your Belief System So
What I Do Is  I Read 20 Different Authors
Because I Want to See Where People Differ
from So I Can Form the Opinion Because Now I Know
What Everyone Else Is Saying Then
I Started Reading All the Science Journals What Do
One Ya Encounter Something You Don't
Understand  Like micro biome is so first
so the thing is you need to understand the
basic vocabulary so as you know I am also
on the board of Singul University and
being on the board of Singul University it
gives me the basic background of what is
genetics what  What is Epigenetics What is
Nanotechnology What is Neuroscience
and the Basic Vocabulary Once You Have That You Are
Able to Make a Lot More Sense When You Read
the Articles When You Read the Books and Then
What I Do Is in Each Subject That When
I'm Learning  I Set My
End Wake Up In The Morning I Get Up
Around 4:30 In The Morning And I Spend
The First Two Hours Just Going Through Every
Science Journal What Has Come Out Since I
Went To Bed A Love The Right And Then Once I
Know  That Then I Start to Learn and
Start to Ask People I'd Call the Authors
of the Book I'll Meet the
People They Take Your Call Because You Know More
Like Could Anybody Do It So More Often Than
Not You or No Reach Out  Them on social
media and I told you how socially smart you are it's
awesome 90 of the time you reach out to
people on LinkedIn you reach out to them on Facebook and
you reach out to them on Facebook to
learn and generally want to contribute
and  Most People Will Respond Once You Get
That Point Then You Set Out An Audacious Goal This Is What I'm
Going To Do And If I
Do Success The Trajectory of How
Humanity Leaves And Once You Set Out That Goal
You Start To Attract Amazing
Talent And  That's what happens at Viom
Ara you're supposed to explain then and I
know enough about it that I could just roll but I think it's important
for people listening like what are you guys doing differently why
is it important the way your scanning
versus the  They normally so today what
happens is a lot of people say and I know about
microbiome I got my test done and they
probably send those tests to the current
microbiome technology company and they know it's
us biome and American gut
project the fact is it  Complete Snake
Oil What They Do Is They Use The Technology
I Called 16s All It Can Do Is Probably
Find 50 To 70 Per Of Bacteria Only And
Only At A Genus Level And Most People Don't Know
What Genus Level Is So Tom Says Naveen You Are
From  India Can You Tell Me About
India At A Genus Level I Would Say Of
Course Tom There Are Some Men There Are Some
Women There Are Some Children And There Are Some
Young People And There Are Some Old People There's Even That Just
Like America And I  Said well at a
genus level we all look the same so when you go
do the microbiome test today through you
biome and any other companies what you get is the
97 per of the things are the same between any two
people
with this technology that we receive from
Los Alamos By The Way They Spend Hundreds
Of Millions Of Dollars Doing It For National
Security What It Does Not Just Looks
At The Bacteria At A Genus Level Not Even
Species Level It Looks At The Strain Level
And Not Just The Bacteria It Gets All The
Virus Weather It's An RNA Virus DNA
Virus And Phages And Then East End The Mold
And The Fungus And Even The Human RNA And
Every Ukr
So You You Create Single Cell Things Right
Every Single Organism In Your Gut Not Only It
Knows What They Are But  Most
Important Since We Look At The RNA We Know They Are
Alive But Most Important What Are They
Doing That Means Are They Produce Short
Chain Fatty Acids Are They Produce Vitamin
K Are They Produce Any Other Nutrient The
Body Needs If Not Than You Have To Take  It's
externally right so the technology does is
looks at in extremely detail at that
level less than 5 of the things are the same
between two of us wow ra and then we look
at the metabolic side at your body and then
we look at the blood
transcriptome  By the Way Your
Mitochondria So We Look at All the
Inflammatory Bio Markers So We Look at
All the Transcripts That Are Generated for
CRP Cytokinetics
Not Working Right We Look at All the CRP
Cycle and Say What Things Are Not Working
and Then We Can Tell You  Here are the enzymes you need Here are
the vitamins you need Here are the
food you need and
prebiotics you need And then once your
body gets into balance all the inflammation
goes down and every disease has now been proven
to be influenced by  Microbiome
I Don't Know If You Know Parkinson's Has Now Been
Proven to Start in Your Gut Not in Your
Brain Autism Also Rises They Actually Have
Studies Less So If You Just Put Gal Pak Incense in
the Gut You Will See the Research They Have the Same
Research on Autism Heart Disease Cancer
Diabetes Obesity In Fact Even the Cure
for Cancer Wether It Works or Doesn't Work
It Depends on Your Microorganism So
Auto Immune Disease Allergies Asma All of
Them Now Proven to Have a Direct Link to
Your Microbiome So All  The Chronic Diseases
Are Because Your Gut Your Microbiome Is Not
Tuning Your Immune System And Your Host
Is Responding Poorly The Important Thing Here
For People To Realize You Don't Have A
Medical Background So For You This Is
Completely Learned Yes So I Have No Science
Background  And by the way my first company
was a computer background when I
started that I didn't even see the computer
in my life so I have no computer science
background when I started space
company I have no idea how rockets work
right I have no idea of astronomy  I
Have No Idea How Orbit Work Is That I
Go And Learn And Then I Surround Myself
With The Smartest People And Then I Question Them Why
Cat We Do It This Way
And Every Time You Question An Expert
Why Cat We Do It This  They and the first
answer their loves tell you it just might work
and you tell me they tell me it just
might work  And that's
the thing is surround yourself with an
expert and you keep every single one there so that you know how to get
the self confidence
you go in and become a rocket
scientist without being able to be in the group without being
booed by them  Be Able To Play Pastor On
Limiting Belief So You Build This
Extraordinary Company And Am So I
Just Came Off Boot Spring So Boot Spring You
Learn A Little Bit And Then You Learn More From
Even A Little Bit So Then You Get The  Basic
found
and the basic vocabulary of a particular
subject then you start reading book and
then you get a lot more knowledge and that allows you to
learn a little bit more about a science paper
and you don't have to know a lot and then I
can go and today  Every Time I Read a Science
Paper I Don't Understand 80 Per Off It Then
I Go Ask My Guys and Say He Can You Look
at This Science Paper and Explain That to
Me in Real English What is I Trying to Say
Right and Now Tell Me What  The
most
important trait
you can have in your children and yourself is that we can apply it.  There are things that he knows nothing about
right before he gets into the company So
intellectual curiosity is what makes us who we are
The day we stop being
intellectually curious is the day we die
And Then We Become Zombies And You Know So Many
Zombies In This World They Have Absolutely
No Interest In Anything Else So You Made A
Great Anazi In The Past Chuck Is Don't Worry Now
Weather Rt One You Lead The Hers The Water It Will
Drank Focus  On Making Her Thirty Yes A Know
Raz A Lot Parents Watching This How Do You
Make Your Kids Especially Like Thirty For
Knowledge And I Think What's Really Interesting
Is That You Most Parents And The Teachers
Think Their Job Is To You Know Take Them To  The
Water And Then Hopin Pursuing Them To Hope Fully They Can
Drink The Water Our Job As A
Parent Should Be Is To Make Them Thirsty And
Never Take Them To The Water Because Once You Make Them
Thirsty They Will Find The Water And The Way
You Make  They're Thirsty Along With Them To Be
Intellectually Curious The Minute You
Start To Teach Them How Much Fun It Is To
Learn About Something To Be Able To Go Out
And Do Something With It And If You Can
Start To Show Them That It's Not The  Money
That Drives the Society and It's Who They Are
Can Never Be About the Amount
of Money You Have in the Bank It's About How Many
People's Lives Have You Been Able to
Touch and at the Same Time Your Self Worth Is Never About
What You Own Your self worth comes
from what you create  And there are lots of
people in Middle East we may be
stink but as far I am concerned they are
worthless and useless because they haven't created thing
to remember is the only way
for you to know when you become successful is
when you become humble because if  Have Arrogance
Left in You Than You Loves Wrong to Prove Something
to Someone and Yourself and Our
President Is a Great Age That Someone Will Never
Be Successful Because He's Wrong to Prove Something
to Someone Loves Telling Me
You Know How Much Money I Have You Know  How
Smart I'm You Know How Big My Hand
[Music]
I Why Do You Think People Like By The Like
People The Young Empress Especially And Just
Like A Lot Young People Like They Are They Do
n't Like A Meat To The Flame Around People  Wealthy
people love to showcase your money and they
love to show off their toys and that stuff like what
is it that keeps bringing people back
to that so I think it's just the fleshy thing that
instant griffin that the money
brings them is  What They Are Attracted To And
You Realize That Anything That Generally Brings
Instant Griffin I Prolly The Color Thing To
Do In The Long Term Right So I Would Say The If You
Think About Happiness You Will Find That
Most People Who Have Tremendous Wealth Rarely
Have The Happiness  Really Have the
Happiness Chasing Money Because of the Chasing
Yano Chasing Money So to
Me Yano Making Money is Like Having an
Orgasm If You Focus on It You'll Never Get
It So You Have to Let It Happen Just Enjoy the
Process Not Bad I Like  That's What It's
Like I Hear That A Lot About Wealthy People
Really Struggling To Find Happiness There's
No Amount Of Material Thing That Can
Bring You Happiness Even If You Buy What Ever
The Thing Today Is The Latest Thing Someone Someone Thinks
Having The Latest Thing  Is Gonna
Make You Happy You'll Always Be Unhappy Because Someone Has
The Later Things Right And The
Day The Minute You Buy Something Guess What Happens
It's No Longer Matters Right And You Always Keep
Chasing The Next Thing And The Next Thing
And You Keep Collecting The  Wise and I think to
some extent happiness comes
from being satisfied with what you have
at the same time driving to use what you have with your
skills and financial
resources to go out and do tremendous good
in the world and always know that when you are
Going to Go Out and Solve the Problem That
Helps Billions of People You in the Mean Time by
Creating a $10 Billion Dollar Business That's
Going to Give You Even More Resources in More
Dishes Problem Tell Us a Little Bit About What We Were
Doing with the Girls and Seti  X
Prize What But That About We So Punnet About That We Want Come At It Only
Again We
Start To Look At The Stuff And Every Buddy Talks About
The Woman This Quality And We Talk
About Women Empowerment The Foundation Of That
Again  The Root Cause We Are Actually Especially
Developing Country And Even Not Our Own Campus If Don't Feel
Safe How Can They Go Out And Feel Be
Empowered Right So Even In College Campus The
Amount Of Sexual Harassment Is Unbelievable
And There Is Very Little Solution That
Aegist So We Launch A Prize They Say We've Got To
Give A Million Dollars To Any One Who Can Come Up
With Small Enough Sensor That Could Be Any Where It Could Be
On Your Earring It Could Be
In Your Pend An It Could Be Any Where  In Your
Body And As Soon As You Feel Unsafe You Press
It Not Only It Inform All Your Yno
Roommates Your Parents Y All The Relatives The
Cops At The Same Time It Starts To Do The
Audio Video Recording So It Know Everybody
Know What Happened Right  And That Actually
You Know Distinct People From Doing Things That They Should Be
Doing So Our Thinking Is
That By Using The Incentive Prizes And
Using The Crowd Sourcing The Innovation A
Million Dollar Prize Is Going To Go Out
And Solve A Problem There Were Billions Of Women
Around  The World Could Feel Safe And Once They
Feel Safe They Can Go Out And Be Educated They Can Go
Out And Actually Work And Once They Are
Able To Be Educated And Work That's
What's Going To Bring The Empowerment To Women
Not By Simply Activism So My
Problem With  A lot of the young people is they become
activists activist means they do
activity right and they run in the circle and they
think their doing something and just running
in the circle is an activity and they
want to move forward and that means you
actually find a path  And you keep going
down the path and not cut up on extreme
Incentivize and the Behavior We Celebrate
So What Happens Today You See We're
Celebrating the Hollywood Actors The
Celebrities Right The Musicians and the
Athletes That's the Celebrity That We Look
Up To  If They
Failed The Fact They Tried Something Makes Them
A Hero Better Than Any
Celebrity Will Ever Be And How We Had We
Pull That Off Had We Very Simple Every Single
Neighborhood You Take The Person Who Is Going To Be An
Entrepreneur You Start Putting  There's
posters up in every wall and say Here's the
hero of my Beverly Hill Drive Here's a
hero and you make them the heroes And every
kid going to school looking at that and say I want
my name there next time and
you start to  Celebrate the People Who Go Out
and Do These Things Right So If You Want Someone
to
Succeed to Dream So Big
Stepping Stone to a Bigger Idea and a
Bigger Success So Never Be Afraid to Fail
Because You Only Fail in Life When You Give Up Everything Else
Is Just a Pivot What
Advice Do You Have for Some Buddy That Is Daring
to Dream So Big People Tell Them  The
Crazy But In Side There's Not Even There's Like Maybe I'm
Crazy While How Do You Guide Them The
Day Before Any Break Through Is A Crazy
Idea And The Day After The Break Through Is
Always An Obvious Idea So Today When I
Tell People  We're going to land on the
moon You know the first question They ask me what are
you going to bring back and how much are
you going to bring back Right it's no anchor
The question of holy [ __ ] You'll be the
first company to land  The Moon It's Given
It's Obviously Gna Be Able To Land On The Moon
So Ma Point Is The Conversation Shifts It's Not
A Crazy Idea Anymore Now They're
Thinking How Big Is It So Bad You've
Liked You're Sure Ready Done The Mental Yes Really
Build a Strong Foundation You Know How Much
Now You Know How to Learn A But If Like One
of Your Kids Came to You and Said That Look I've
Really Got This Big Idea
Out
there a how you help them navigate where they know what they need to know in order
to
actually execute o it's very simple you always
take an audacious big idea and that
becomes your north star that you try to
reach to and then you take that  Idea and
slice them into smaller slices that you
start to execute against Are some
people better at knowing these slices than others at the milestone So you know you go
from A to New York and then you say the
right I need to go cross  The Second City Me
Some Real Examples from Express So Moon
Express We New to Land on the Moon The
first one of the things we have to do is to be
able to reduce the cost launch and get the
device the total cost right so if we're going
to  Go Out in the Way the Things Are Currently
Being Done You Will Have to Buy a Massive Rocket
That Can Go All the Way to the Moon and the Cost
of That Is Going to Be About 3 400 Million
Dollars Right Even the Space X That Broke the
Cost Down to $70 Million Dulls Too Much So
We Thought That and Say What If We Can Use a
Small Rocket That Only Costs Three or Four
Million Dollars and It Dozens Go All the Way to the
Earth Orbit But Can Go to the Low Earth
Orbit  And Can We Build Another Lander That
Can Actually Boost Our Selves From There Because
No Anchor You're Going From Earth
Gravity The Gravity Is Much Lower Here And
That's Exactly What We Did And Our Cost
Of Landing On The Moon A Marginal Cost Is
Under 10 Million Wander  10 Million Dollars So
Imagine the First Time We Landed in the
Moon Cost Us 25 Billion Dollars in 1969
That Would Be Today 250 Billion Dollars It Makes
Sense That Used to Cost 2 Million Dollars Now
Cost Under $100 Because of the Ledger The Laser
Raiders Are  Being Used in Self Driving
Cars So Cost Used to Be Custom Cost of
2 Million Dal Now It's $2000 Wow Right So
It's Just That Cost Coming Down So
Significant And the Same Way You Know You Look
at the Health It's Exactly the Same Thing  Tom
Is The Technology That We Applied Would Have
Cost $100 To Test Now We Are Doing The Same
Test For $99 Wa Right So Imagine How
Fast The Things Are Coming Down And You Have To When
You Start A Company Start To
See You Are On That Expo Acial  Curve Because
It's Going to Take You One or Three Years
to Get There and If You Can Find the Right
Exponential Curve You Know You Start to
Move Forward and the Technology Will Be Ready
for You Na the Great Advice So Give Us a Little
More  Advice
Youth's Changing After 10
Years How Should People Get Tired of Getting a
Firm Believer That No One Should Ever Skip
Education Going to College Is a Plan B of
Life [ __ ] Happens Even If You're the
Best High Wire Act You Still Want the
Safety Net Under You And Education Is That
Safety Net People Can Take Away Everything
From You They Can Never Take Your Knowledge And
Education So My Thinking You Should Always Go
Get The Education And The Main Reason For Doing That Are
Two Things Going To The Traditional
Colleges  One is to learn we talk about the
basic vocabulary of different subjects
and that allows you to constantly keep
learning about the expert technology
the new subject because they always built on
the top of each other Ra the second thing that
really helps is when you  Go to the Ivy
Lee Colleges It's Not That Education Is Any
Better There In Fact I'd Argue It's a
Mediocre Education But They Are Self-
Selective People That Means They Select the
Cream of the Society Who Go There and Suddenly You
're Surrounding Yourself with the Best  Mind
the College You Have and Surrounding Yourself The
Great Minds Is Really What It's All
About Learning and Creating These Life
Long Friendships That You Have with These Great
Minds And Because Those Great Minds Go
Out to Do Great Things and You Can't
Plug Yourself Into the Ecosystem  So to me
my advice is go to the greatest college
not because they will teach you any better than
your community college is because you go be
surrounded by great people and the more you
can focus when you are young in building the
foundation and the  Basic Vocabulary and
Constantly Learning Use
Se Oh If They're Doing That in Rocket Science I
Can Apply That to Health Care Oh My
God If They're Doing That in Health Care Why
Can't I Apply That to Agriculture So the
Idea Is to Keep Connecting the Dots When
You See the Dots and Say How Do I Connect
That Dot to Something I Care About So What Ever
The Way You
Find Your Passion Is Too Ways One Is to
Start Thinking About If You Had Everything
You Always Wanted  In Life A Billion Dollars
A Great Family What Would You Do And If You Do That
Today You'll Get Everything That You
Want And The Second Thing That You And I Tucked About
I Find Something That You're Willing To
Die For And Live For It And I  Think Most
People They Do They Fail They Are Willing To Die
For Something But They Don't Live For It I Love That A Night
Before I Hit You I'm My Last
Question When Can That Guy Find You They Can
Always Find Me They Can Email It To Me  Nan
Jan gmail.com And they can find me on
Facebook They can find me on LinkedIn They can
find me on Twitter I answer all of them
Incredible man Ara What's the impact
you've had on the world My impact on the
world is going  To Be If I Can Inspire
Every Single Person Who Is Watching This Episode
To Find Their Own Moon Shot So If You're
Watching This Find What It Is That You Will Do
Imagine I'm The Person Who Grew Up Poor
With Nothing I Came To This Country  With Nothing If
I Can Dream So Big And To Be Able To
Land On The Moon What Would You Do Alone Thank You So Much
Ten sl i
canals-barrera tc the way they break
down promises i wanted you to see the way the they
capture business a faith the philip hat has become a
self in there's ni morera's
she has got the thick of what the
howstat.  com Not Just the Symptoms But the
Actual Root Cause Problem and Then Say How I Built
a Business Tooty Does To Me About the
Fundamental Questions and You Don't Want to
Start Your Own Company He's Got
Amazing People on His Teams in  Fact One of the
things he's greatest about as he hinted in the
interview is his ability to get other people excited about his
vision and you'll need
people round you so we'll be the number
one you want to be number 10 number 20 on a  Great
team doing something amazing is levant if you
like the we be able to combat to solving some of the
worst problems so that anyone is apt
bern day son thak so much thak plz yes ma
friendly g only sh s if ya hai d b shar
SUBSCRIBE etienne ma fen ben
[appreciation]
take everybody's
sood's e addview.in
[music]